hey guys what is up that is Sarah deechi
I edit a ton of videos so the faster I
can get them done the better and so I'm
going to share a hack tip trick with you
that I'll hopefully help you get your
videos done faster I use the video
editing software Adobe Premiere CC to
edit all of my videos if you are new to
it or you have really no idea of what it
is but you want to learn I'm actually
doing a live stream about it
December 3rd I am going to walk through
the program with you for beginners so
come with questions and hopefully it
will help you and I will explain my
editing process with vlogs and my other
documentary series tech stuff so you can
check out the link below to get ready
for that event
December 3rd it will be live streaming
here on YouTube on my youtube channel
moving on to what I want to talk about
today and that is keyboard shortcuts if
you are not familiar with what you can
do with keyboard shortcuts within
Premiere it is customizing your keyboard
so the letters a SF any of the letters
can do what you want them to do best way
that you can utilize them is customizing
them now I'm here to tell you that I've
done all the work for you I believe that
I have the best keyboard shortcuts ever
so I have attached the k ys file down
below for you to download and use my
keyboard shortcuts within premiere if
you're familiar with how to do this you
can just download the file right now and
stop watching the video but if not I'm
going to explain how to apply my
shortcuts to your premiere and then also
kind of walk through why I think they
are the best with the most recent update
of premiere they have made shortcuts
easier than ever to customize and to
view when you are editing away I really
believe that moving your right hand from
the mouse kind of disrupts the process
because of that I have moved all of the
useful shortcuts that you should be
using in Premiere to the left side of my
keyboard it makes the process so much
faster that way my right hand never
leaves my mouth and I can just like fire
away on the left side of my keyboard
before I get into these specific
shortcuts let me show you how you can
download my shortcuts and put them on to
your computer go into your home
directory documents Adobe Premiere the
latest version that you are using and
depending if you're using a Mac or
Windows it will be different but I will
put up both options on the screen all
you have to do is download the file that
I attached in the description and place
it into the according folder once it is
in there
restart premier if it is already open
once you open up premier again you
should have the option of Peachy
shortcuts in your drop down menu for
keyboard shortcuts
now let me get into these specific
shortcuts that I use again this recent
update makes changing very very easy so
maybe use mine as a template and then
adjust accordingly to how you like it
it's very easy you can just search what
you need and then drag and drop onto the
key that you want it assigned to the
purple color indicates that the shortcut
is application wide applicable and then
the green color indicates that that
following shortcut only applies within a
specific panel of premiere whether
that's the editing panel or the effects
panel etc I'm going to open up my
previous vlogs project to kind of show
you how I use these shortcuts and why
they expedite my editing process you'll
be able to see what I'm clicking on the
lower left bottom on my screen some of
the most overlooked shortcuts are the
ripple trim edit so instead of bringing
over your mouse to trim a clip all you
have to do is put your cursor where you
want it to be trimmed and press Q or W
it will trim the clip and automatically
move it to the previous clip or the clip
before it some keys that you are
probably very familiar with RJ K&L J is
used to shuttle left in your timeline L
is to use to show right in your timeline
and K is to stop but here's the thing
guys usually your right hand is on the
mouse and so it's kind of unnatural to
put your left hand on the right side of
the keyboard so instead of J
K&L on the right side of the keyboard I
have now assigned those shortcuts to s D
and F V is for the selection tool just
think V it looks like an arrow so it's
the selection tool C is for the Blade
tool just think cut C Z is to turn
snapping on and off X is for exporting
frame X export I export a lot of frames
a is for track select e in ours to
select your in and out points instead of
I and O to is to clear so delete my clip
or something and then three and four is
to zoom in and out this is the sweet
spot of these shortcuts so right in the
same area you have shuttle left and
right mark in and out of a clip to drop
on the timeline and then zooming in and
out and then clear once you get into
this groove you are going to be editing
so fast to additional keyboard shortcuts
that are in the left region as well that
not a lot of people use or know about is
the insert and overwrite option it's
normally a period in comma but I have it
set for B and in all this does is
basically once you set your in and out
points of a selected clip instead of
taking your mouse and dragging the clip
into the timeline you can use these
shortcuts to just drop your clip
directly into the timeline wherever your
playhead is if anything just take a look
at this at the shortcuts hopefully it
gives you some ideas to personalize your
keyboard shortcuts again it helps so
much to put everything on kind of the
left side of the keyboard it will
expedite your process like crazy give
this video a thumbs up if you
appreciated this premier pro tip I think
it will really come in handy make sure
to check out my previous vlog if you
have not and also don't forget about
that live stream if you have questions
about the Adobe Premiere I will be
answering them I upload every Monday
Wednesday and Friday so make sure to hit
that subscribe button down below
and until next time guys stay peachy
okay bye
this is so crazy right now cuz the
entire all of these roads all these
avenues are completely open to
pedestrians sometimes just like walking
in the street 7:57 so it's kind of you
miss huh